Now we can take this over, and we can
just start doing what we expected, right?
We wanna create a serverless
function that calls this mutation.
So, let's head over to our code again and
we're gonna create a new function.
This function is gonna
be called add-movie.js.
Before I start writing this code,
does anybody have questions
about the GraphQL mutations?
Everybody's good, okay?
So, in here,
we are again going to pull in query.
And that's gonna come from util hasura.
Then we're gonna export our handler, and
that's gonna be an async function
that's gonna get an event.
And then I wanna pull out from our event,
the ID, title, tagline and poster.
And these are gonna come
out of event.body, right?
And event.body,
we haven't talked about this yet,
because what we're about to do is we're
about to post values to this function.
So let me let me actually save this.
Before we get into the history stuff,
let's start sending some data in so
that we can see what's coming out, right?
So let's start by just having this ready,
and
then let's head over to our function and
send some data in.
So, let's open up in the source folder.
There's admin.html, and
this is where our form lives, okay?
And so underneath the form, let's,
oops, let's add a script tag.
And inside of this,
we are going to add a function,
that's gonna be async, and
we'll call it handleSubmit.
And it's gonna get
the form submission event.
And what I wanna do,
we're gonna custom submit this.
So we're gonna prevent the default form
submission using event.preventdefault.
And I wanna get the data out of it.
And we're gonna use one of my
favorite web API's, the FormData API.
So I'm gonna use new form data.
And we're gonna get
the event.target which is the form,
the target of the form
submission is the form element.
And so
what form data does is it gives us access
to the actual information in the form.
Whatever is in the inputs,
we can get that data now.
So in here, I'm going to,
let's submit our data.
So the result is going to be,
we're gonna await a fetch call to
netlify functions, add-movie.
And in this one,
we wanna send it as POST data.
And I wanna send the body
as JSON.stringify.
And we're gonna send in the ID,
as data get id.
And where I get this from is
from the inputs themselves.
So up here we can see that we've
got an input with a name of ID,
name of title, tag line and poster.
So we can just get whatever the name
of the form input is and use that data.
So I'm gonna get the id.
I'm gonna get the title.
I'm gonna get the tagline and
I'm gonna get the poster.
So now, I have created a submission
to our serverless function and
we're gonna call it with
POST instead of get.
And when we call it with POST,
that means that it's not going
in as query string parameters.
And there's a reason for that.
I don't want the data in the body to show
up in a server log somewhere, right?
We don't want the URL
to be called this like,
add-movie query string,
title, tagline, etc.
We want it to be just a call to
add-movie and then the body gets
sent as a POST body object,
which then we'll grab out once we're done.
So what we're gonna get back from that
is we're gonna get a response again.
And that response is, we don't
actually need to parse it as a JSON or
anything, because all we really
care about is the status code.
So up here at the very top,
I have this message field.
And what I wanna do with the message is
just let us know what the response from
our serverless function is,
because we're gonna add a few things.
We wanna make sure like if something goes
wrong, we're gonna print that status code.
But later we're gonna require
someone to be logged in.
And we wanna show a 401 for
unauthorized if you are not logged
in when you try to submit this form.
You'd probably end up having more robust
messaging that would say like you're not
logged in or something like that.
But we're not too concerned
about building the UI here.
We're more concerned with getting the
serverless functions to do what we want.
So we're gonna stick with
just status codes today.
So once we're done, we're going to
grab the document.query selector,
and we're getting message, right,
that div that is up there.
And we want to set the inner text
to be a response of response.status.
Okay, so that is our serverless function.
So, now what we'll get is we're gonna end
up whatever goes into this form is gonna
get submitted to our add-movie
serverless function, and
it's going to submit along with the id,
title, tagline and poster.
So once we do this,
what I wanna do is just let's just
take a look at what comes
back in this event object.
So let's console log event?
Then I'm gonna start the server And
just to prevent it from timing out honest,
I'm gonna return a status code of 200.
And let's send back a body of like,
Work in Progress, WIP, so
that it doesn't timeout when
we try to make this call.
And then I'm going to go over to my admin.
And let's just send in some data.
All right, so I'm gonna add
that I not saved my admin page?
Okay, [LAUGH] I missed one quick step.
So we wrote this function
to handle the submission.
We never actually hooked it up though,
we have to tell the form to use it.
So down below here, under this function,
let's also run a document.querySelector.
And we're going to find the form
which is called add-movie.
And we're gonna add an event
listener of submit,
and we'll run handleSubmit, okay?
So, now when we come over here, and
I write, Id, title, tagline, poster.
It actually does something.
And we should see is it submitting or
did it give me an error?
JSON.stringify.then I type out something,
okay?
So I hook that to the wrong thing.
This is my JSON.stringify.
This is my fetch call, so I needed
to hook the .then out here instead.
So let's try that again.
Okay, so we get a 200 response.
And that's what we expected because we
had it return a 200 no matter what.
And so let's look in here and
see what we got back.
So here's our event.
Let's make this a little bit bigger.
And we can see that we get a bunch
of information back, right?
We get all this stuff.
So we get the path.
This is the function that was called,
we get which method,
our queryStringParameters
are empty because we use the POST.
We can see that we've got headers.
And the headers that we're
getting are all sorts of things.
You've got like the languages, and
these are all kind of set by the browser.
So we've got content types and
origins and all those things.
And then we start looking in here,
let's find our body.
Our body is here, and
our body comes back as a string.
And we can see that it's an id and
we put in the value of id.
And so I just use the the name
of the field for each one.
And we can see that those came through.
But you notice how they're a string.
So this is it looks like a JSON object,
but
it's currently a string which
means that we need to parse it.
So I am going to in our
add-movie function,
instead of using just the event
body like I have here,
We need to JSON.parse and
that will give us,
Our id, title, tagline, and poster, okay?
So those are ready to roll.